xclock: add page (#4224)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/xclock.md

# xclock

> Display the time in analog or digital form.

- Display an analog clock:

`xclock`

> - Display a 24 hour digital clock with the hours and minutes fields only:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display a 24 hour digital clock with the hour and minute fields only:
```

`xclock -digital -brief`

- Display a digital clock using an strftime format string (see strftime(3)):

`xclock -digital -strftime {{format}}`

> - Display a 24 hour digital clock with the hours, minutes and seconds fields that updates every second:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display a 24 hour digital clock with the hour, minute and second fields that updates every second:
```

`xclock -digital -strftime '%H:%M:%S' -update 1`

> - Display a 12 hour digital clock with the hours and minutes fields only:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Display a 12 hour digital clock with the hour and minute fields only:
```
